<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions">

    <div class="Container100 Responsive50 TextAlCenter">
        <p:fieldset legend="What is iAdvice"
                    styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                    toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
            <p>
                iAdvice
                is an automated investment advisor that recommends and places an investor into
                a risk-appropriate managed portfolio.
            </p>
        </p:fieldset>

        <p:fieldset legend="Who is making these recommendations?"
                    styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                    toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
            <p>
                iAdvice
                is a product of Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management. We are an SEC Registered Investment
                Advisory firm established in 1982. We have over $2 billion in assets under management and a dedicated staff
                of professionals with over 100 years of investment management experience. To
                learn more about us, please visit <a href="http://www.ltam.com">http://www.ltam.com</a>
            </p>

        </p:fieldset>

        <p:fieldset legend="What are these portfolios you place investors in through iAdvice?"
                    styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                    toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
            <p>
                We have 5 core actively managed portfolios ranging from conservative to aggressive that we will
                recommend based on your answers to some key questions that allow us to gauge the right portfolio for you.
                These portfolios take the shape in the form of a mutual fund to make the sign-up process as simple as
                possible – but each portfolio is comprised of a range of securities from stocks to bonds. The allocation
                differs based on your risk profile and the selected portfolio.
            </p>
        </p:fieldset>

        <p:fieldset legend="What types of securities do you use? Do you buy direct stocks, ETFs, mutual funds? What’s in these portfolios?"
                    styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                    toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
            <p>
                Each of the 5 iAdvice portfolios invest in a combination of equity, fixed income and alternative strategy
                exchange traded funds (“ETFs”) to build globally diversified asset allocations which are tactically
                managed by Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management (“LTAM”).
           </p>
        </p:fieldset>

        <p:fieldset legend="What about things like rebalancing? What does that mean? Do you do that?"
                    styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                    toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
            <p>
                We rebalance our strategies according to current market conditions, but never steer away from our original
                foundation that accounts for the combination of risk and time.
            </p>
        </p:fieldset>

        <p:fieldset legend="Is this a “robo-advisor” like I’ve heard about?"
                    styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                    toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
            <p>
                The iAdvice platform is an electronic “robo advisor” program whereby investors can access through a
                website an online tool that guides them through a quick questionnaire and suggests an investment in
                one of the 5 LAMP ETF mutual funds. You get the benefit of top investment professionals actively
                managing and updating your portfolio from the moment you enroll.  A robot isn’t managing your portfolio
                but the investment professionals of Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management are.
            </p>
        </p:fieldset>

        <p:fieldset legend="What do you charge? What types of fees can I expect?"
                    styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                    toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
            <p>
                There are no fees for going through the process and receiving the advice of the recommended portfolio.
                Once enrolled, there are certain initial expenses that are part of the mutual funds we use, but we strive
                to find the best balance of low-cost and performance. As a firm we charge 50% fee of assets under
                management for the active portfolio management within the funds.  We believe that our portfolios balance
                cost-effectiveness and performance with access to top investment management professionals.
            </p>
        </p:fieldset>

        <p:fieldset legend="What types of accounts does iAdvice support?"
                    styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                    toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
            <p>
                iAdvice currently supports Individual, Joint, Traditional IRA and Roth IRA accounts.
            </p>
        </p:fieldset>

        <p:fieldset legend="Who can open an account through iAdvice?"
                    styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                    toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
            <p>
                Anyone who is 18 years old or older, holds a permanent U.S. address and is a legal U.S. resident or U.S.
                citizen.
            </p>
        </p:fieldset>

        <p:fieldset legend="Is there a minimum amount required to invest?"
                    styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                    toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
            <p>
                The minimum investment for iAdvice is $500.
            </p>
        </p:fieldset>

        <p:fieldset legend="My advisor recommended I use this – how does that work?"
                    styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                    toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
            <p>
                Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management has long been a trusted source of asset management for the clients of
                thousands of independent financial advisors. iAdvice is a simple way for advisors to encourage clients to
                enroll through a short online process. When you leave the advisors website who is a registered
                representative of an Affiliate of Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management, Inc. (LTAM) you will enter LTAM’s
                iAdvice Website. Your advisor will receive a referral fee for reffering you to the iAdvice Website.
            </p>
        </p:fieldset>

        <p:fieldset legend="Once I enroll, then what?"
                    styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                    toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
            <p>
                You will be referred to an online investor portal held at our partners at The Gemini Companies. From that
                portal you will be able to review the account’s performance, make updates or changes, and add more funds at
                your discretion.
            </p>
        </p:fieldset>

    </div>

</ui:composition>