<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions"
                template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">
<!--[if lt IE 9]>
<script src="http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/themes/Divi/js/html5.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<![endif]-->


<f:metadata>


<script type="text/javascript">
    document.documentElement.className = 'js';
</script>


meta name="description" content="Understanding online investment advisors."/>
<link rel="canonical" href="http://www.invessence.com/faq/"/>
<link rel="publisher" href="https://plus.google.com/108251068767119607829/about"/>
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.invessence.com/faq/"/>
<!-- / Yoast WordPress SEO plugin. -->

<meta content="Divi v.2.0" name="generator"/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='aio-animate-css' href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/Ultimate_VC_Addons/assets/css/animate.css?ver=4.1.7'
      type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='aio-timeline-css' href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/Ultimate_VC_Addons/assets/css/timeline.css?ver=4.1.7'
      type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='aio-style-css' href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/Ultimate_VC_Addons/assets/css/style.css?ver=4.1.7'
      type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='aio-interactive-styles-css'
      href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/Ultimate_VC_Addons/assets/css/interactive-styles.css?ver=4.1.7' type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='bsf-Defaults-css' href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/uploads/smile_fonts/Defaults/Defaults.css?ver=4.1.7'
      type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='codenegar-tooltip-style-css'
      href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/content-tooltip/css/smallipop.css?ver=4.1.7' type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='codenegar-tooltip-animate-css'
      href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/content-tooltip/css/animate.css?ver=4.1.7' type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='fc_common_style-css' href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/formcraft/css/common.css?ver=2.5' type='text/css'
      media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='main_style_fc-css' href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/formcraft/css/editor_form.css?ver=2.5'
      type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='fc-fontello-css' href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/formcraft/css/fontello/css/formcraft.css?ver=2.5'
      type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='divi-fonts-css'
      href='http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans:300italic,400italic,700italic,800italic,400,300,700,800&#038;subset=latin,latin-ext'
      type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='et-gf-open-sans-css'
      href='http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans:300italic,400italic,600italic,700italic,800italic,400,300,600,700,800&#038;subset=latin,latin-ext'
      type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='divi-style-css' href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/themes/Divi/style.css?ver=2.0' type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='cx-basic-css' href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/screets-cx/assets/css/cx.basic.min.css?ver=4.1.7'
      type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='ultimate-pricing-css'
      href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/Ultimate_VC_Addons/modules/../assets/css/pricing.css?ver=4.1.7' type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='et-shortcodes-css-css' href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/themes/Divi/epanel/shortcodes/css/shortcodes.css?ver=3.0'
      type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='et-shortcodes-responsive-css-css'
      href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/themes/Divi/epanel/shortcodes/css/shortcodes_responsive.css?ver=3.0' type='text/css' media='all'/>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='background-style-css'
      href='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/Ultimate_VC_Addons/modules/../assets/css/background-style.css?ver=4.1.7' type='text/css'
      media='all'/>
<script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.invessence.com/wp-includes/js/jquery/jquery.js?ver=1.11.1'></script>
<script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.invessence.com/wp-includes/js/jquery/jquery-migrate.min.js?ver=1.2.1'></script>
<script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.invessence.com/wp-includes/js/swfobject.js?ver=2.2-20120417'></script>
<script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/a10-imaio/js/jsfiles.php?ver=4.1.7'></script>
<script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/a10-imaio/js/jquery_colorbox-min.js?ver=4.1.7'></script>
<script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/screets-cx/assets/js/firebase.js?ver=1.4.2'></script>
<script type='text/javascript'>
    /* <![CDATA[ */
    var cx = {"ajax_url": "\/\/www.invessence.com\/wp-admin\/admin-ajax.php", "plugin_url": "http:\/\/www.invessence.com\/wp-content\/plugins\/screets-cx", "is_front_end": "1", "is_op": null, "is_home": null, "current_page": "http:\/\/www.invessence.com\/faq\/", "company_avatar": "", "ip": "69.248.139.160"};
    /* ]]> */
</script>
<script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/screets-cx/assets/js/cx.app.min.js?ver=1.4.2'></script>
<script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/screets-cx/assets/js/lib/jquery.autosize.min.js?ver=1.17.1'></script>
<script type='text/javascript'
        src='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/Ultimate_VC_Addons/modules/../assets/js/countUp.js?ver=4.1.7'></script>
<script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/plugins/google-analyticator/external-tracking.min.js?ver=6.4.8'></script>
<link rel="EditURI" type="application/rsd+xml" title="RSD" href="http://www.invessence.com/xmlrpc.php?rsd"/>
<link rel="wlwmanifest" type="application/wlwmanifest+xml" href="http://www.invessence.com/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml"/>

<link rel='shortlink' href='http://www.invessence.com/?p=1751'/>
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=0"/>
<style>
    a {
        color: #009abb;
    }

    body {
        color: #666666;
    }

    .et_pb_counter_amount, .et_pb_featured_table .et_pb_pricing_heading, .et_quote_content, .et_link_content, .et_audio_content {
        background-color: #009abb;
    }

    #main-header, #main-header .nav li ul, .et-search-form, #main-header .et_mobile_menu {
        background-color: #ffffff;
    }

    #top-header, #et-secondary-nav li ul {
        background-color: #f5f5f5;
    }

    .woocommerce a.button.alt, .woocommerce-page a.button.alt, .woocommerce button.button.alt, .woocommerce-page button.button.alt, .woocommerce input.button.alt, .woocommerce-page input.button.alt, .woocommerce #respond input#submit.alt, .woocommerce-page #respond input#submit.alt, .woocommerce #content input.button.alt, .woocommerce-page #content input.button.alt, .woocommerce a.button, .woocommerce-page a.button, .woocommerce button.button, .woocommerce-page button.button, .woocommerce input.button, .woocommerce-page input.button, .woocommerce #respond input#submit, .woocommerce-page #respond input#submit, .woocommerce #content input.button, .woocommerce-page #content input.button, .woocommerce-message, .woocommerce-error, .woocommerce-info {
        background: #009abb !important;
    }

    #et_search_icon:hover, .mobile_menu_bar:before, .footer-widget h4, .et-social-icon a:hover, .comment-reply-link, .form-submit input, .et_pb_sum, .et_pb_pricing li a, .et_pb_pricing_table_button, .et_overlay:before, .entry-summary p.price ins, .woocommerce div.product span.price, .woocommerce-page div.product span.price, .woocommerce #content div.product span.price, .woocommerce-page #content div.product span.price, .woocommerce div.product p.price, .woocommerce-page div.product p.price, .woocommerce #content div.product p.price, .woocommerce-page #content div.product p.price, .et_pb_member_social_links a:hover {
        color: #009abb !important;
    }

    .woocommerce .star-rating span:before, .woocommerce-page .star-rating span:before, .et_pb_widget li a:hover, .et_pb_bg_layout_light .et_pb_promo_button, .et_pb_bg_layout_light .et_pb_more_button, .et_pb_filterable_portfolio .et_pb_portfolio_filters li a.active, .et_pb_filterable_portfolio .et_pb_portofolio_pagination ul li a.active, .et_pb_gallery .et_pb_gallery_pagination ul li a.active, .wp-pagenavi span.current, .wp-pagenavi a:hover, .et_pb_contact_submit, .et_pb_bg_layout_light .et_pb_newsletter_button, .nav-single a, .posted_in a {
        color: #009abb !important;
    }

    .et-search-form, .nav li ul, .et_mobile_menu, .footer-widget li:before, .et_pb_pricing li:before, blockquote {
        border-color: #009abb;
    }

    #main-footer {
        background-color: #2e2e2e;
    }

    #top-menu a {
        color: #666666;
    }

    #top-menu li.current-menu-ancestor > a, #top-menu li.current-menu-item > a, .bottom-nav li.current-menu-item > a {
        color: #009abb;
    }

    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 {
        font-family: 'Open Sans', Helvetica, Arial, Lucida, sans-serif;
    }

    body, input, textarea, select {
        font-family: 'Open Sans', Helvetica, Arial, Lucida, sans-serif;
    }    </style>
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Slide11.jpg"/>
<meta name="generator" content="Powered by Visual Composer - drag and drop page builder for WordPress."/>

<style type="text/css"></style>

<style type="text/css">
    .synved-social-resolution-single {
        display: inline-block;
    }

    .synved-social-resolution-normal {
        display: inline-block;
    }

    .synved-social-resolution-hidef {
        display: none;
    }

    @media only screen and (min--moz-device-pixel-ratio: 2), only screen and (-o-min-device-pixel-ratio: 2/1), only screen and (-webkit-min-device-pixel-ratio: 2), only screen and (min-device-pixel-ratio: 2), only screen and (min-resolution: 2dppx), only screen and (min-resolution: 192dpi) {
        .synved-social-resolution-normal {
            display: none;
        }

        .synved-social-resolution-hidef {
            display: inline-block;
        }
    }
</style>
<style type="text/css" id="et-custom-css">
    .home .et_pb_slide {
        background-size: contain !important;
    }

    #text-6 {
        display: none;
    }

    .et_pb_pricing_heading {
        background-color: #009abc;
    }

    .et_pb_pricing_table_button:hover {
        background-color: #009abc;
    }

    #et_search_icon {
        display: none !important;
    }

    #top-menu {
        margin-left: -2%;
    }

    #et_top_search {
        width: auto !important;
    }

    #et_top_search {
        margin-top: 2px;
    }

    .et_pb_toggle {
        margin-bottom: 2px;
    }

    .et_pb_toggle_close {
        background: linear-gradient(to bottom, #E6E6FA 0%, #efefef 100%);
    }

    .et_pb_bg_layout_light .et_pb_counter_title {
        color: #444;
    }

    .et_pb_row h3 {
        line-height: 24px;
    }

    .et_pb_row h4 {
        line-height: 24px;
    }

    .et_pb_tabs_controls li a {
        color: #000 !important;
    }

    .et_pb_tabs_controls li {
        background: #0088b0;
    }

    .et_pb_tabs_controls li {
        width: 209px !important;
    }

    .et_pb_slide_image {
        margin-top: -135px;
        width: 700px;
    }

    .et_pb_slide_image img {
        margin-left: -32%;
    }

    .page-id-2909 .et_pb_slide_image {
        margin-top: -160px;
    }

    .page-id-2909 .et_pb_container {
        margin-top: -46px;
    }

    @media only screen and (max-width: 767px) {
        .et_pb_row .et_pb_column:first-child, .et_pb_row .et_pb_column:last-child {
            display: none;
        }
    }

    @media only screen and (max-width: 479px) {
        .et_pb_row .et_pb_column:first-child, .et_pb_row .et_pb_column:last-child {
            display: none;
        }
    }

    @media only screen and (max-width: 767px) {
        .et_pb_row .et_pb_column:first-child, .et_pb_row .et_pb_column:last-child {
            display: block;
        }
    }
</style>
</f:metadata>

<ui:define name="content">
<link rel='stylesheet' id='inv-css' href='css/inv.css' type='text/css' media='all'/>

<div id="page-container">


<div id="et-main-area">
<div id="main-content">


<article id="post-1751" class="post-1751 page type-page status-publish hentry">


<div class="entry-content">
<div class="et_pb_section et_pb_inner_shadow et_pb_fullwidth_section et_section_regular" style='background-color:#009abc;'>


    <section class="et_pb_fullwidth_header et_pb_bg_layout_dark et_pb_text_align_left">
        <div class="et_pb_row">
            <h1>Frequently Asked Questions</h1>

        </div>
    </section>

</div>
<!-- .et_pb_section -->
<div class="et_pb_section et_section_regular">


<div class="et_pb_row">
<div class="et_pb_column et_pb_column_4_4">
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">Who is Invessence?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>Invessence, Inc., is an independent Registered Investment Adviser committed to helping people pursue their financial goals. We have access to a wide range of financial products and services for both individuals and business owners. We believe the information we provide will better enable you to identify your goals and make sound decisions to help reach them. As an independent, our clients benefit from our ability to offer unbiased investment advice and investment management service. Since Invessence is not affiliated with any brokerage firm, we do not receive commissions on the products we recommend. As a Registered Investment Adviser, we have fiduciary responsibility to always put the interest of our clients first and to respect the trust they place on us.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">What type of service does Invessence provide?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <div>
            <div id="collapse-2291">
                <div>
                    <p>Invessence is an online investment adviser that provides a cost-effective alternative to traditional investment management. Our web-based platform provides any individual, small business, or organization the ability to create and manage a personalized investment plan. We empower our clients by removing the complexity of the financial markets and constructing a professionally selected portfolio of low-cost Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs). Instead of trying to fit a client into a specific “model” portfolio, we consider each client’s individual needs and create a portfolio based on their own specific risk tolerance and time horizon.</p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div></div>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">What does it mean to be a Registered Investment Adviser?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>A Registered Investment Adviser is an Investment Adviser registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission or a state’s securities agency. Individuals or firms that receive compensation for giving advice on investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds, or exchange traded funds are generally deemed to be investment advisers.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">Does Invessence have investment discretion of my account?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>Yes. Invessence accepts discretionary authority to manage the assets in the client’s account. We assume investment authority on the client’s account when the investment management agreement is executed. Invessence does not have custody of client&#8217;s assets. Clients always retain individual ownership of all securities.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">What is meant by a Fiduciary Standard?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>This means that we are required to act solely in the best interest of our clients, even if that interest is in conflict with our own financial interest. RIAs must disclose any conflict of interest, or any potential conflict of interest, to our clients before and throughout a business engagement.</p>

        <p>This requirement includes making a full disclosure of all compensation received, both the amount and the source, for investment management, and also of any commission, any “soft-dollar” arrangements, or any special incentives to recommend one product or service over another.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">What is an ETF?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>In the simplest terms, Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) are investment products that track indexes like the S&amp;P 500, Dow Jones or NASDAQ-100 Index at a minimal cost. When you buy shares of an ETF, you are buying shares of a portfolio that tracks the yield and return of its underlying index. The main difference between ETFs and other types of index funds is that ETFs don’t try to outperform their corresponding index, but simply replicate its performance.</p>

        <p>There are many advantages to including ETFs in your investment portfolio:</p>
        <ul>
            <ul style="list-style-type: circle;">
                <li>ETFs act like indexes and follow certain market sectors. However, unlike an index, you can purchase an ETF with one single transaction. You are purchasing a mini-portfolio.</li>
                <li>Capital gains taxes are generally lower for ETFs than traditional mutual funds due to the structure of each trade. When a gain is realized in a daily mutual fund trade or even within an index trade, capital gain taxes are incurred immediately. In the case of exchange traded funds, the individual capital gains are not realized until the assets are sold with the
                    <em>entire</em> fund. Therefore ETFs are considered a &#8220;&#8221;tax friendly&#8221; investment.
                </li>
                <li>ETFs trade throughout market hours. ETFs prices are continuously updated during the trading day. In other words ETFs trade just like equities on the stock market.</li>
            </ul>
        </ul>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">Do you invest through mutual funds?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>No, we believe that mutual funds charge high fees, are tax-inefficient, and can lag their benchmark indices. We prefer to use individual stocks and low cost Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) in most instances. ETFs provide the same diversity as mutual funds, but offer many other advantages, price is only one.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">How does Invessence construct my portfolio?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>The Invessence Investment Committee has selected 22 <span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="color: #009abb;"><a
                title="Glossary" href="http://prod.invessence.com/glossary/" target="_blank"><span
                style="color: #009abb; text-decoration: underline;">Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)</span></a></span></span> to represent the four core asset class categories (money market Treasury bills, stocks, bonds, and commodities,) that we use in making a client’s portfolio.
        </p>

        <p>To build your individual portfolio, we select sub-asset classes within each main category. In doing this, we use techniques to improve diversification. Each client’s account is also optimized for risk based on (1) the time horizon of your investment plan, and (2) tax considerations based on your type of account and your income tax rates.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">Who picks my investments?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>The Invessence Investment Committee consists of investment professionals who are responsible for prudently managing, monitoring, and evaluating our clients’ investment portfolios. The Committee creates the framework for establishing a well-diversified asset mix with the goal of trying to meet your investment objectives. This includes:</p>

        <p>❏ Determining a target portfolio asset allocation that is appropriate for the client’s risk tolerance.</p>

        <p>❏ Establishing guidelines for the selection of individual investments and for diversification of assets within the client’s portfolio.</p>

        <p>❏ Specifying the appropriate strategy for maintaining the client’s target asset allocation.</p>

        <p>The Committee meets regularly to monitor and assess the firm’s investment policies. It continuously researches new securities to identify any that may improve diversification and reduce risk in order to enhance portfolio returns.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">If Invessence is not registered with my state, can I still open an account? </h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>As of April 2014, we are currently registered in Connecticut, Illinois, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Texas and Virginia. We are only accepting clients in those states. As we grow, we will register in more states with the expectation of covering the entire United States. If you are interested in hearing more about this process or where we are registered, please email us at info@invessence.com.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">What is the Questionnaire?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p style="text-align: left;">Once a client has registered, we take you through a process to establish your profile. This consists of answering questions about your individual financial goals, your intended time horizon for investments, and your financial stability and income. Other questions elicit information about your investment attitudes and risk tolerance. The questions are designed to guide us in creating a suitable investment plan specifically for your individual needs. We ask clients to answer the profile questions truthfully and completely, in order to help us understand the appropriate risk level for your portfolio. Inaccurate or incomplete profile information may result in assigning a higher or lower risk level, which in turn may hinder portfolio performance.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">How do you determine my Risk Tolerance?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>We construct a client’s portfolio by selecting an appropriate allocation of investments among four core asset classes: stocks, bonds, commodities and cash. We use money market Treasury bills as the risk-free cash asset and gold as the commodity.</p>

        <p>Each asset class has a different degree of risk. The riskiest assets, such as stocks, tend to have the highest long-term returns, whereas lower-risk short-term bonds or Treasury bills tend to have much lower returns. Likewise, there is a higher probability of significant negative returns with higher-risk assets, such as stocks, as compared with short-term fixed income securities. We use very long-term historical returns to assign risk to each asset type.</p>

        <p>When making an asset allocation recommendation, we translate your profile to an appropriate level of risk. We then create a mix of asset classes, from lowest to highest risk, to construct an optimal combination of assets for you. This asset allocation diversification helps reduce risk. Invessence preserves diversification by regular rebalancing.</p>

        <p>We believe that investing should have long-term objectives. Past returns are never a guarantee for future returns but are simply used as a guide for goal calculations. Unlike some advisers who make predictions about future returns with very long disclaimers, we know we cannot predict the future. However, we also know there is a consistency in market returns over long periods of time. Therefore, individuals with long-term goals can invest in riskier assets and those with shorter-term goals may do better to invest in less risky assets, such as certificates of deposit, Treasury bills, and municipal bonds.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">Who is the Custodian and what role do they play?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>Invessence, Inc., has chosen Interactive Brokers, LLC, headquartered in Greenwich, CT, as an execution and clearing broker that provides the technology to automate both the management and trading of our accounts.</p>

        <p>To learn more about Interactive Brokers credentials as an execution and clearing broker <span style="color: #0000ff;"><a
                title="Why Interactive Brokers?" href="https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=1338" target="_blank"><span
                style="color: #0000ff;">Click Here</span></a></span>.</p>

        <p>To learn more about Account Protection at Interactive Brokers <span style="color: #0000ff;"><a
                title="Interactive Brokers Group Strength and Security"
                href="https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=ibgStrength%20&amp;p=acc" target="_blank"><span
                style="color: #0000ff;">Click Here</span></a></span>.</p>

        <p>Interactive Brokers LLC is a registered Broker-Dealer, Futures Commission Merchant and Forex Dealer Member, regulated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the National Futures Association (NFA), and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and several other self-regulatory organizations. Interactive Brokers is not affiliated with and does not endorse or recommend any introducing brokers or financial advisors, including Invessence Inc. Interactive Brokers provides execution and clearing services to customers of Invessence Inc.</p>

        <p>For more information regarding Interactive Brokers, please <span style="color: #0000ff;"><a title="Interactive Brokers"
                                                                                                       href="https://www.interactivebrokers.com/ind/en/main.php"
                                                                                                       target="_blank"><span
                style="color: #0000ff;">Click Here</span></a></span>.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">Is my money protected under SIPC?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p><span style="color: #808080;">Yes. Customer securities accounts are protected at Interactive Brokers, a member of the <span
                style="color: #0000ff;"><a title="SIPC" href="http://www.sipc.org/" target="_blank"><span
                style="color: #0000ff;">Securities Investor Protection Corporation (&#8220;SIPC&#8221;)</span></a>. </span></span></p>

        <p><span style="color: #808080;">To learn more about Account Protection at Interactive Brokers <span style="color: #0000ff;"><a
                title="Account Protection" href="https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=ibgStrength%20&amp;p=acc" target="_blank"><span
                style="color: #0000ff;">Click Here</span></a></span>.</span></p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">How does brokerage work with Invessence?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>Each client has his own separate brokerage account at <a href="https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/main.php"
                                                                    target="_blank">Interactive Brokers</a>. Invessence does not take custody of your assets but utilizes the brokerage services of Interactive Brokers, a registered broker dealer and FINRA member. Each client creates her or his own separate brokerage account at Interactive Brokers.
        </p>

        <p>As a registered investment advisory firm, Invessence has a fiduciary responsibility to seek the best execution for client transactions. Clients are not under any obligation to effect trades through Interactive Brokers. Invessence will endeavor to accommodate specific client requests to put assets in the custody of another broker dealer.</p>

        <p>Invessence has reviewed the Interactive Brokers platform and recommends Interactive Brokers based on a number of factors. These factors include their financial strength of the broker dealer, their broker’s transaction confirmation and account statement practices, and their trade clearance and settlement capabilities. Other factors include Invessence’s direct experience with Interactive Brokers, their reputation, and their quality of execution services including state-of-the-art Smart order routing and their low transaction and custodial costs. Interactive Brokers was rated Best Online Broker by Barron&#8217;s in 2013 for the second year in a row.</p>

        <p>As a fiduciary, Invessence has the responsibility to effect orders accurately, promptly and in the best interests of our clients. In the event any error occurs in the handling of any client transactions due to Invessence’s actions, or inaction, or actions of others, Invessence’s policy is to seek to identify and correct any errors as promptly as possible without disadvantaging the client or benefiting Invessence in any way.</p>

        <p>If the error is the responsibility of Invessence, the client transaction will be corrected and Invessence will be responsible for any client loss resulting from an inaccurate or erroneous order.</p>

        <p>Invessence’s policy and practice is to monitor and reconcile all trading activity, identify and resolve any trade errors promptly, document each trade error with appropriate supervisory approval and maintain a trade error file.</p>

        <p>If a trade error results in a profit to an unintended client account, at the cost of another Invessence client account, an offsetting financial transaction will be used to rectify the aggrieved party. The end result will be that no client benefits or suffers as a result of the error.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">How do I get Started?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>Although Invessence relies heavily on our technology to help build your portfolio, our goal is to not replace the human interaction. We still believe investing is a personal business and we encourage potential clients to reach out to our friendly investment consultants directly by email at (sales@invessence.com) or phone (201) 977-2704.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">Who are the investment consultants?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>In order to provide a personalized service, Invessence employs a team of investment consultants who are responsible for helping our clients better understand our questionnaire and investment selection process. There are no additional charges to speak with an investment consultant and they can be reached via our website or by emailing investments@invessence.com.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">How do I open an account with Invessence?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <ol>
            <li><a title="Register" href="http://dev.invessence.com:8080/signup.xhtml" target="_blank">Register</a> a new account with Invessence.
            </li>
            <li>You will receive an email that contains a link to open an account, in your own name, at our preferred brokerage service firm Interactive Brokers.</li>
            <li>Complete the online application form including the funding of the account. You may fund your account by transferring assets from an existing investment account, a bank, or any other source.</li>
            <li>You will receive an email containing documents from us via Docusign, a service that allows secure delivery of documents with electronic signature capabilities. Please retain these for your reference. Then complete and sign the Investment Advisory Contract, we will be notified by Docusign once you have opened and signed the contract.<a
                    href="http://www.motiwalacapital.com/documents/Acknowledgment%20of%20Disclosure%20Documents.pdf"><br/>
            </a></li>
            <li>Once your account is funded, we will ask you to confirm your investment portfolio and then we will invest your money.</li>
        </ol>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">What type of accounts do you offer?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>Invessence currently supports taxable investment accounts including individual, joint and trust accounts. We also support Traditional IRAs, Roth IRAs and Simplified Employee Pension (SEP) IRAs, IRA transfers and 401(k) rollovers.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">What does Invessence Cost?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>Invessence charges an investment management fee of 0.25% (per annum) for all accounts of $100,000 or greater. For accounts smaller than $100,000, Invessence charges an investment management fee of $250 (per annum).</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">Do you have a minimum portfolio size?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>Our current minimum portfolio size is $5,000 but we encourage accounts with at least $25,000.</p>

        <p>Our minimum <em>fee</em> is a flat rate<span
                style="line-height: 1.5em;"> of $250 per year for accounts with less than $100,000 in assets. </span>In other words, an account with $25,000 dollars in assets will be charged $250 a year in fees ($250/$25,000 = 0.01 or 1.0%). We consider 1.00% the industry average for investment advice.
        </p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">When do I become invested?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>Once the client portfolio is constructed and the account is funded, we will execute the trades after reviewing the actual portfolio with the client. The entire process (from account creation to funding to investing) may take from two business days to up to two weeks depending on availability and communication with the client.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">How do I deposit, withdraw and transfer funds and positions?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>Once a new account is opened with Interactive Brokers, funds management, such as depositing, withdrawing, and transferring cash and positions into and out, are administered through Account Management. Use your login credentials to log into Account Management from the Login menu on the<a
                title="Interactive Brokers" href="https://gdcdyn.interactivebrokers.com/sso/Login" target="_blank"> Interactive Brokers web site</a>.
        </p>

        <p>.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">How do I view my account statement?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>Reports of all Client account activity, including an inventory of investments and listing of transactions, are available from Interactive Brokers on a daily, monthly and yearly basis via the “Account Management” menu on their website (www.interactivebrokers.com).</p>

        <p>An account statement from Interactive Brokers will include: Net Asset Value Time Series, Mark-to-Market Performance Summary in Base, Realized and Unrealized Performance Summary in Base, Cash Report, Change in Position Value, Long Open Positions, Trades, Other Fees, Deposits and Withdrawals, Interest Accruals, Broker Interest Paid, Security Information, Codes, and Legal Notes.</p>

        <p>If you experience any account login issues or need to reset a password, you can call Interactive Brokers Customer Service at 877 442 2757.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">How often does Invessence review my account?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>As part of our risk management program, each account is reviewed at least quarterly. We review the asset mix, risk level, and account restrictions in relation to the client’s investment objectives, current position size and specific holdings. The frequency of the reviews depends on market conditions and other factors that a prudent, professional investor would deem necessary. Account objectives are confirmed, at least annually, with our clients.</p>

        <p>Written reports are issued to clients on a periodical basis. These reports disclose performance returns, security holdings and market values. If a client desires, other relevant factors may also be disclosed.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">When is the account rebalanced?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>We continuously monitor accounts for performance and risk. We will automatically rebalance the portfolio to keep it in line with your target asset allocation because short-term market movements may cause it&#8217;s initial weightings to change. Client accounts will be rebalanced at least once a quarter to maintain a suitable asset allocation. If necessary, accounts may be rebalanced more frequently.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">Is my money safe with Invessence?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p>Invessence does not take custody of client assets. Client assets are held with a registered broker dealer that is a qualified custodian.</p>

        <p>Invessence, has chosen Interactive Brokers, LLC, headquartered in Greenwich, CT, as an execution and clearing broker that provides the technology to automate both the management and trading of our accounts.</p>

        <p>To learn more about Interactive Brokers credentials as an execution and clearing broker <span style="color: #0000ff;"><a
                title="Why Interactive Brokers?" href="https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=1338" target="_blank"><span
                style="color: #0000ff;">Click Here</span></a></span>.</p>

        <p>To learn more about Account Protection at Interactive Brokers <span style="color: #0000ff;"><a
                title="Interactive Brokers Group Strength and Security"
                href="https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=ibgStrength%20&amp;p=acc" target="_blank"><span
                style="color: #0000ff;">Click Here</span></a></span>.</p>

        <p>Investing involves risk and unless otherwise stated, are not guaranteed.</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
<div class="et_pb_toggle et_pb_toggle_close">
    <h5 class="et_pb_toggle_title">What would happen if Invessence goes out of business?</h5>

    <div class="et_pb_toggle_content clearfix">

        <p><span
                style="font-size: 14px; line-height: 1.5em;">Your brokerage account is always in your name. Invessence only has an advisory relationship with you which allows us to execute trades in your account. </span><span
                style="font-size: 14px; line-height: 1.5em;">In the unlikely event Invessence goes out of business, your brokerage account would remain in your own name and you would be free to transfer your account to a new broker, keep the account at Interactive Brokers and manage it yourself, or chose to liquidate your account to receive a check. If you chose to liquidate your account, always consider the potential tax implications of your action.</span>
        </p>

        <p>Interactive Brokers Contact Information<br/>
            <a title="Interactive Brokers" href="www.interactivebrokers.com" target="_blank">www.interactivebrokers.com</a><br/>
            1 (877) 442-2757 Toll Free<br/>
            08:00 &#8211; 20:00 (Mon &#8211; Fri) (America/New York)</p>

    </div>
    <!-- .et_pb_toggle_content -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_toggle -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_column -->
</div>
<!-- .et_pb_row -->

</div>
<!-- .et_pb_section -->
</div>
<!-- .entry-content -->


</article>
<!-- .et_pb_post -->


</div>
<!-- #main-content -->


</div>
<!-- #et-main-area -->


</div>
<!-- #page-container -->


<script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/themes/Divi/js/jquery.fitvids.js?ver=2.0'></script>
<script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/themes/Divi/js/jquery.magnific-popup.js?ver=2.0'></script>
<script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.invessence.com/wp-content/themes/Divi/js/custom.js?ver=2.0'></script>
</ui:define>
</ui:composition>